okay hey guys today I'll be making a
video on number guessing in Visual Basic
it's basically my first video and I'll
probably do the channel on visual basic
tutorial on how to kind of stuff if you
have any questions please have in the
comment section and as always subscribe
for more videos so here I have the forum
setup guess the number
that's the LBL answer it's basically
display that's the number of guesses
will be shown there number games we've
shown there
I would guess this will be shown here
total guests will be shown here too on
goo box and here is a text box label the
actual button to actually check your
guess let's get to the code so first I
have declared these six variables make
sure you have these short random it's
your actual random comm from the let
random class and making a new random and
here you're short a secret number that's
gonna be assigned to the value of short
random dot next and this that is the
number from one to hundred and short
input is short and that's your input the
one you put in and that's a shaker
number it generates short counter total
that's the total number of counts and to
gain counter sure on how many games
there are in your game average and that
I declared a single because it's a
decimal and it can be a decimal I didn't
declare the short counter for the actual
game you're playing because it can get
erased you can get erased and it's not
total number of guesses for the total
number of games you play it's just the
guesses for a specific game you're
playing currently here I put it in BTN
guess click event this is your like I
said I declared a static make sure you
declared a static so it won't get run so
won't go away
every time you click bTW and guess
button so I have a try/catch structure
yeah I set up the input and I convert
that so TX input text is um converted to
short and it's a timed to short input
short counter here is gonna be added by
one every time I click the button and
the it's assigned to lvl guesses which
is right here and here short counter
total the total number of guesses as you
play games right here and that's
assigned to this which I showed you all
right there and here all you gotta do is
just follow this part if it equals then
um if they both equal then you guess it
right L the other answer text it equals
to short input and it's correct in here
I just had it a bunch of colors if you
want to you can have that um the code is
pretty long so I'll probably put this in
the comment section
I'll put it in the description box so
I'll select case s HRT counter here it
will actually grade number of guesses
you did
if you guessed less than three and got
it correct it's just excellent and if
you guessed it less than five not bad
if you lasted less than fifteen or equal
to fifteen good job but if you did more
that you suck and so a little thing
right here if you suck then I said a
little statement that makes your
computer shut down I wouldn't really use
it if you want to I just commented it
right here and select and now LBL
answered our text will turn nothing I'll
be your guesses will turn nothing your
back color turn nothing and your new
number we generated remember this is all
only when it's equal only when it's
equal all this is generated and your new
number is good start again your game
goes up by one your short game counter
is assigned to LBO games if you're gonna
don't make sure of this code because it
needs to be in this order if you mix it
then you might have some errors have
this in this order
you can delete some stuff like color
parts and stuff but here I'm just saying
nothing
so after your answers is it's displayed
it's correct
I'll just clear it out next else if if
it's greater than then it says it's too
high
else too low then I'll just had another
lb Lancer back color you like go read
back holder he'll be read here we green
but yeah and then that's it catch excess
expression if you didn't do it like all
stuff if you didn't do it is above
message box like you do not choose an
appropriate BBC or yeah and please try
again in a public input and try that's
it pretty much that's all it is and yep
now let's actually test it
whatever cancel 50 keys too high 75 - hi
oh why and guess I don't know 30 30 - hi
zero you're too low
15 15 - ha 7 too low 10 10 scratch good
job and then you gain counters added
your average guesses and beer yeah stuff
and your new number numbers all might be
generated so it isn't as I say isn't the
same thing that's ten tenths - no yeah
and that's it for this tutorial and if
you have any questions have in the
comment section and subscribe